https://codepen.io/Troymangrum92/pen/gOpeLrE    


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	it is the basic professionally accepted terms in HTML and their meanings

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used for creating the basic foundation of a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	attributes are things we can add to our elements to further specify a line of HTML. Put at the beginning of a tag. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 is a header tag with the largest font. It is best practice to be used only once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	form and select

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<html>

    7. What is an id? 
	something we can assign to an element to help in css 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any html element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	One, id's are unique to an element

    10. What is a class? 
	a class specifies a name for html elemnts, and also helps with css.
	
	
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any html element
	
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	uses can be more than one, but not good practice to do more than one. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	create an anchor tab and add a target link to it. ex. a href="websitename" target=_blank>"newwebsitename</a>

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	if an image cannot be displayed it offers additional information

    15. How do I reference an id?
	in css you would type #id {}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section is considered semantic html, div is not

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	styling your webpages

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	in css simply type h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	id can be used to select a single element, classes can be used to select many
	ex. I might use an id when I only want one of three h3's to change color when I hover over it. 
	    I could use class when I want all h3's to change
	
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	element.class{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	selects all elements matched to an original element. When you want to select everything in a particular part of your html. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	*.sidebar? 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	something that helps us create something that isn't normally in the document ex. :hover
	
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
	border: 1px;
	border-color: dotted black; 		
	}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	ls or git status
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm, you need to be careful because this function gives you no warning and just erases whatever is in the file with no backup. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	it copies every change made to a projet throughout it's life, making it easier to solve potential issues. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	whenever a change is made

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push origin *firstname-lastname-*

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	first, fork the project
	second, add your TL to the project
	third, clone the project to your git bash using 'git clone'
	fourth, branch the project to specify your name using git checkout
	fifth, do what you need to to your file
	sixth, commit and push your branch
	seventh, submit a pull request, adding your TL to the project

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
